FIX: Update the "intro" section of the peer review guide (#146)
pyOpenSci/peer-review-guide: about-peer-review/how-peer-review-works.md

# How pyOpenSci's open software peer review works

## Who submits packages and who runs the reviews 

pyOpenSci's [suite of packages](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-packages/) are 

> contributed by community members with a great diversity of skills. This diversity 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributed by community members with a great diversity of skills and wide range of backgrounds
```
rephrase to avoid repeating "diversity"? I understand the goal here to be to show how we have developers with *both* diversity in skills and backgrounds (which are not the same thing)

> of developer backgrounds results in a range of quality associated with the suite 

Author: got it! i think i follow and updated locally :) your writing is excellent btw!

of tools available to process scientific data.

### Who reviews pyOpenSci packages ?

Our peer review process is run by volunteer members of the Python scientific 
community:

* Editors manage the incoming package review submissions and ensure 

> reviews move forward progress of submissions; 

Author: totally confusing. i reworded it as such:

* Editors manage incoming package submissions. they also ensure 
that package reviews move through the review process efficiently; 

is that better?

> reviews move forward progress of submissions; 

Author: great catch!! your feedback is great and it's really good to have non native speakers reviewing. this document needs to be clear to everyone. THANK YOU!!

> * authors create, submit and improve their package; 

Author: thanks!

> * Reviewers, two per submission, examine the software code and user experience. 

Reviewer 2: Not directly related to this file _per se_, is there a plan to maintain a list of potential reviewers based on their specific field of expertise?

Author: great question @Batalex we actually have a google sheet already with this type of information. i can share it in our slack with you if you want to have a look. we have people signing up regularly. what i don't love about what we have is that it is a google sheet. i'd rather have a database which is what ropensci has. but that is another discussion.

feel free to ping me with more questions about this because it's a great question and something i've been thinking about in terms of how do we manage this.

Our [governance documentation](https://www.pyopensci.org/governance) clarifies 
the various roles that support running our peer review process. 

## Software reviews are contained within GitHub.com issues

Our entire peer review process occurs on GitHub in the 
[pyOpenSci software-review repository](https://www.github.com/pyopensci/software-review). 

> We use GitHub.com because:

Author: oh good call. i just find that so many people mix up github and git! so it's habit to write github.com :) but i hear you!

> We use GitHub.com because:

Author: fixed!
